Document Volume Group Snapshot feature in the README file (#1120)
kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter: README.md

The volume group snapshot feature supports CSI v1.10.0 and higher, and have been introduced in [Kubernetes 1.27 as an alpha feature](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/05/08/kubernetes-1-27-volume-group-snapshot-alpha/).

> :warning: **WARNING**: There is a new validating webhook server which provides tightened validation on snapshot objects. This SHOULD be installed by all users of this feature. More details [below](#validating-webhook).

## Overview

With the promotion of Volume Snapshot to GA, the feature is enabled by default on standard Kubernetes deployments and cannot be turned off.

The Volume Group Snapshot feature is disabled by default, and can be enabled using a command line option. For more information on how to enable it, see the [usage section](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter#usage) of this guide.

Blog post for the Snapshot GA feature can be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/12/10/kubernetes-1.20-volume-snapshot-moves-to-ga/).

> Blog post for the Group Snapshot GA feature can be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/05/08/kubernetes-1-27-volume-group-snapshot-alpha/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blog post for the Volume Group Snapshot Alpha feature can be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/05/08/kubernetes-1-27-volume-group-snapshot-alpha/).
```

Note: snapshot-controller, snapshot-validation-webhook, csi-snapshotter v4.1 requires v1 snapshot CRDs to be installed, but it serves both v1 and v1beta1 snapshot objects. Storage version is changed from v1beta1 to v1 in 4.1.0 so v1beta1 is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

> Note: when the group snapshot feature is enabled, snapshot-controller, snapshot-validation-webhook, csi-snapshotter require the v1alpha1 groupsnapshot CRDs to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: when the volume group snapshot feature is enabled, snapshot-controller, snapshot-validation-webhook, csi-snapshotter require the v1alpha1 volumegroupsnapshot CRDs to be installed.
```

Reviewer: can we use `volume group snapshot` instead of `group snapshot` in other places as well?

Therefore, it is strongly recommended that Kubernetes distributors bundle and deploy the controller and CRDs as part of their Kubernetes cluster management process (independent of any CSI Driver).

If your Kubernetes distribution does not bundle the snapshot controller, you may manually install these components by executing the following steps. Note that the snapshot controller YAML files in the git repository deploy into the default namespace for system testing purposes. For general use, update the snapshot controller YAMLs with an appropriate namespace prior to installing. For example, on a Vanilla Kubernetes cluster update the namespace from 'default' to 'kube-system' prior to issuing the kubectl create command.

There is a new validating webhook server which provides tightened validation on snapshot objects. The cluster admin or Kubernetes distribution admin should install the webhook alongside the snapshot controllers and CRDs. More details [below](#validating-webhook).

> Install Snapshot and Volume Group Snapshot CRDs:

Reviewer 2: the kustomization.yaml file needs to be updated to include the VolumeGroup CRDs or they will not be installed with this command.

Author: Yes! Good catch. I updated the `kustomization.yaml` file, too, and I'm going to leave a comment here to pay special attention to that.

Other than this, the NODE_NAME environment variable must be set where the CSI snapshotter sidecar is deployed. The value of NODE_NAME should be the name of the node where the sidecar is running.

### Volume Group Snapshot Support

> The following requisites must be met to unable the volume group snapshot feature:

Reviewer 2: should this be 'enable' instead of 'unable'?

Author: Yep! Fixed.

* the Volume Group Snapshot CRDs are installed in the cluster

> * the `--enable-volume-group-snapshots=true` option is being passed to the snapshot controller

Reviewer 2: specifically, deploy/kubernetes/snapshot-controller/setup-snapshot-controller.yaml needs to be updated with that flag in order to enable this feature in the snapshot controller.
